are we
here I think my internet went out
briefly are we here though are we all
good
can you hear me
buddy yes okay is stream
up
still
no so those attempting to
reconnect for
I think my internet just uh died
and chat's not showing for me on OBS but
it's showing me for me on the
browser um
okay I'll just pop out the browser chat
then and just pray that works I
suppose okay that's something at least
hello yes I think we
I think we
died internet
is but everyone can hear
me G
true
okay so I have a
dilemma in
that my Mini keyboard for whatever
reason doesn't always get recognized by
ailon and I wonder if there's a firmware
update needed
actually hold on
maybe that's been the problem this
entire
time
49 L Mark three from where
I've never updated this keyboard
so I like straight up never updated this
keyboard
although I don't think there's I don't
know for
let's see
kind of just isn't recognized in
general so it's a weird problem I have
where if I don't open ablon and turn on
my keyboard the moment my computer turns
on it's like a 50/50 chance whether or
not my keyboard will work to fix that I
usually have to restart my computer
I don't really understand why cuz it it
connects just
fine but I don't
know
uh let me see something
yeah I have no idea
okay well thing is if
I do this right now if I open ablon I
basically can't use this keyboard unless
I restart my computer I don't know if I
want to restart my computer right now
since we already restarted the stream I
may as
well uh I have to do a bunch of other
[__] I don't want to [__] do that
whatever ah
a not
fun not fun at
all I was I thinking maybe I could do
some music but I always hate doing that
without my keyboard
on Launchpad stream I need to I don't
have the space for that right
now
uh it's not I'm not on Windows I'm on
Mac
well
damn yeah it's not connecting or
anything it's such a specific problem
how do I
search 49 SL Mark III connects sometimes
but not all the times when it doesn't
connect it's a USB issue reconnecting
disconnecting and reconnecting doesn't
work but restarting computer does like
how do I ask that question
anywhere let me try let me just like try
unplugging it from the
powers it's not the USB
port what this keyboard this
keyboard's just sucked
anyway
well could always do the
old typing keyboard
[Music]
I I
you want to be evil church I just I was
like trying to use my sustain pedal it's
like oh I can't do that either because
it's connected to my Mini
[Music]
keyboard change it to an organ just for
fun
[Music]
is for
in
[Music]
for
you know what
why
not for
go
also don't worry this is these are
electronic wipes
let's see if this behaves
nicely let
me for
for
put that
thing where does this go
admittedly I still haven't used this a
ton so can we hold
on oh
[__] long ass cable
this put in the work
look at that you can see it perfectly on
screen that's
crazy oh I see what
happened these pens got knocked
over it's like I have no idea what
happened I me pulling the cord thought I
heard more
noises are you done
yet are you done
yet for
in
[Music]
beautiful time for a meld
maybe
honestly let's play around with this a
little bit can use this limitation toour
advantage
it's
ch
[Music]
Reg that was reg ton
but want to do reg dub we' be like
[Music]
what else do these do
harder you hit a button the harder it
sounds it's called velocity
[Music]
this also has something called after
touch which is the same idea but
slightly different let me see if I can
exemplify this with like
vital so let's say I want to have this
filter
here and I want to open and close this
filter based on how hard I'm pressing
down after I start the note well it's
called after touch or pressure we can
apply this pressure mod modulation and
do this
w
[Music]
oh yeah MP so then obviously
there's pitch Bend like
[Music]
that but if I'm playing all
these the pitch will all go up or all go
down if I'm using a pitch Bend
but with MP
enabled uh which is how do we do that in
here through here and
then feel like I'm missing
it it's like right here or
something cuz vinyl hasn't be
sure I like definitely missing
it it's probably right in front of me
and I'm not
[Music]
looking under advaned
bottom oh there we go so
now obviously I can still do this but
then oh yeah let's also turn off one to
one vo is in theato or no
[Music]
no okay why is this not
working well I know how to do this with
uh just go to wave
table so again I can
play make all the notes go up or down
but with MP I can do this
[Music]
m
[Laughter]
[Music]
there we go I was looking for the
chromatic scale so right now was just
doing the major scale
here
goes both chromatic scale we
[Music]
go so that we get the full note range
here
[Music]
yes like piano
[Laughter]
[Music]
this is push three
I all
[Music]
all right let's make this sound crazy
the
[Music]
w
we
[Music]
I
do the watch of the sky intro
[Music]
actually don't know how to play it on
piano and I really don't know how to
play it on this
let's let me try doing it and then see
where that takes us whether it's
accurate or
not what am I looking
for there we go
[Music]
it's probably
like that one was pretty close
[Music]
let's just duplicate this and add brass
so what K has Watcher the sky
[Music]
in I think that's like F major
I really do need the uh chromatic scale
it's like a weird augmented chord like
[Music]
I feel like it would be a lot easier to
do this on
piano but my piano's not working right
now
so I just
[Music]
that's on C I think
there's another note in there
[Music]
not it doesn't go all the way down
there that's the one thing I don't like
about this thing is like like it has
accurate to the original like [__]
fight you
you I need to go to down to this note
but there's nothing here here in the
melron and there's no way I can extend
it to just go
there [__] you
Aria arteria you [__] suck I promise
how do I just extend this to go down a
little
bit oh did I delete it on
accident great design
guys can you really not
trans
pose whole keyboard arteria velotron
this is so
stupid
like okay the explanation is and I know
why this is it's like um the original
melron only had like you know a cinamon
a tape to could play I know that I'm on
a [__] computer
guys let me transpose the keys down and
up
too it's like um that won't be very
accurate to origal I don't give a
[__] [__] about
that I'll don't give half a
damn I'm on a [__] computer I bought
a piece of software I didn't buy a real
melron to deal with the same issues the
same the same
hindrances I bought software because
it's more convenient than having a real
melron in my
room so why not make it
good and this is my [__] problem with
arua I'm GNA [__] go off on this [__]
actually right now this UI is
garbage
okay
why all I need to see is that
if I if this is if this is closed right
now all I need to see is that I don't
need to [__] see the keys I don't
need to see the top of this thing I
don't need to see the wood grains on the
[__]
floor just take remove everything on
screen except for these buttons these
knobs that's
it terrible terrible terrible terrible
ass [__] design awful God
awful you want see the melron [__] that
Ableton has check this
out check this [__] out you ready for
this this is going to be
crazy here's the Ableton one see how
much [__] space this takes up I can
even close this I can even close that
you see how much [__] space this
takes
up let's let's get let's get Aria back
on the screen
except Ableton you know what they're
going to let me
do they're going to say
[Music]
oh it doesn't go all the way down there
so you're crazy but also if I really
want
to I can go over
[Music]
here all right I guess that's just the
the key limitation here
okay what was it was this
[Music]
where was I
all
[Music]
I
something like that oh wait
[Music]
this will be so much easier on
keyboard my brain is having a hard time
reaching different cord structures in
this in this thing
but anyway able to shout out for being
better than whatever the [__] this
is I can NP pick these designs forever
actually um I'm going to I own most of
the arteria scense but don't let that be
an advertisement for you I'm going talk
about all all the [__] oh I hate arteria
so much I want to talk about all much I
hate arteria so
much they're unnecessary evil cuz some
of the sounds that come out of the [__]
are like needed I need them but oh my
God I [__] hate arteria well I'm
going to talk about this uh let me get
the
uh go the prop 55 for a
second uh actually they fixed this one
but it used to be
worse oh there we go like why there's so
much happening on screen right now it's
so ugly also why does this have an
animation why why why is there an
animation for this why does the why does
this extend and and
Shrink why is why is the animation like
three frames a second can we ask that
question
why it doesn't look cool it really
doesn't it looks so
tacky looks so o it feels
slimy what you know how I want a UI to
work when I'm making music is
if I have a if there's a tab I can click
on I click on it and I want it to be
there
already it takes so
long it like really [__] up my my flow
state but okay profit 5 is not as bad as
it used to be what is bad is this
[__]
um I think I no we're going to do the
Jupiter six something eight
okay so this this is just [__]
unacceptable to me like actually
genuinely
unacceptable what the [__] is all this
for I don't need that there I don't need
to see the wood
panels I really don't it's so I had to
make it bigger to see everything and
then everything else gets bigger why
this [__] sucks dude
oh that opens okay nice
uh is there no
like I can't snap it to a value how do I
Snap it to a value like 100% or
something H and then it does this thing
too it does this is okay but you know
who does it right you hold on you know
who does it right
who doesn't
right I think for a
second where is
the use my big brain it's the one by to
audio there we
go use my big brain
this this is much
better all the spaces being used
effectively this is
bad everything is wasted space I don't
even need to see the
keyboard these are the same thing these
are emulating the same
instrument but one of these actually
looks good and the other one looks like
something I would throw away
probably it's like oh but you need to
like have like it's got to feel like
have the analog feel I don't give a
[__] L I don't care I just want the
sound that's all that matters to me the
sound like
I hey if you're a new musician or an
experienced musician or whatever togu
audio line t togu aiol l they're they're
they're the sickest ever they make
really great plugins I use uh you'll see
me use this on stream all the time this
thing just my favorite bit Crusher it's
so well laid out um
and it's like ugly in an endearing way
right this is ugly in a tacky
way how are they know it's GNA it's
going to how how are they going to know
it's a syn I don't know
dude the thing is you can make stuff
look skoric question mark without it
being dog [__] okay like this isn't flat
necessarily there's there is some depth
to these things this is is this is bad
you want to see actually you want to see
the worst
Defender let me let me show you the
worst offender
actually let's get the juno6 this is by
this is by by arterio look at
that look at that so
lovely and then where's the too audio
line one
uh I think I have to just go to
my am I freaking
out do I not have it downloaded okay
hold on I probably just don't have it
downloaded hold
on I'll just get an image
okay so here's the arteria one side by
side with
it and here's the the towel audio
one this is
like it's so no frills it's
just that's it this just doing the same
thing w
why why do I need all
this I don't
understand and see if I want to make
this smaller suddenly everything starts
to get hard to read because they use the
tiniest goddamn fonts in the universe
this one if I want to make the smaller
oh look at that I can still read it
isn't that
nice you going be kidding me with this
[__] and the thing they're emulating
here
Juno
6 the thing they're emulating here is
just the Juno 6
chorus they're
emulating and I and I mean
this just this part of this
keyboard the original one had three
buttons and that's
it what what is all this
seriously why I don't need to see any of
that I don't need to see any of that
none of this why does this have a preset
browser it's a [__]
chorus back to this oh thank God I mean
technically T could remove this too if
they wanted
to it's representing it visually
originally
yes but that's like a scam cuz it it
doesn't do
anything if you're going to remake
something please make it more accessible
than before not less accessible that is
regression and that should be totally
unacceptable
um yeah this is this is how you do it
again they can remove this too but still
a million times better
and also
again like this one doesn't have the
animations but you know what does okay
okay all right wait we're going to talk
about this one we're going to talk about
this
one let's go to
RBS we can actually have these both on
the same screen right
now
so so
okay let's
lexicon
224 so these are
emulating a real Reverb unit that looks
like this this is the original etc
etc it's a good sounding
Reverb um now right off the
bat there is a there's a clear winner
here to who's using the space the most
efficient
okay it's not a pedal it's a studio
Reverb it's hard to explain it's like a
rock mounted thing and this is the
controller for
it
um first
okay this one's my universal audio this
one's my
arteria universal audio aside from just
having all this up here you know what
relatively good
job but this one arturia
arturia what's this
for what do I need to see the
wires what's going
on
um but it's actually
worse because they were
like it's funny they won't do this for
the things that matter but in this case
they're like oh what if we add more
features that weren't available on the
original it's like oh yeah please by all
means
why the [__] would you do it this way
though
what why why when I click the advance
button does the advance button move all
the way over
here why am I doing Mouse gymnastics to
operate this
thing are you [__] kidding
me and it's so funny right like they on
in the places it matters don't add new
features like the melron one oh to stay
faithful to the original you can't
actually have like infinite keys right
you have to have like The Limited tapes
but here it's like we want to add extra
we want to make sure that you know it's
updated for the modern day okay then
what why why does it have to why I don't
[__] get it I don't [__] get
it like I don't even like to give
universal audio points for anything
but this is much much
much you have advanced options up here
if you really want them but look it
removes the part that they weren't using
anyway isn't that genius what the look
at this look if I have this like off the
off on the screen if I have this off the
screen I click this [__] okay well if I
want to close that panel I have to move
this
over oh my God [__] arteria dude
[__] arteria
they piss me off so much dude they piss
me off so
much
um and
like I you probably can't tell this from
just observing but like these controls
are really slimy to you
can I just say oh look at that isn't
that nice look they modeled the sliders
to be
3D
wow wow no
way I don't know if you can tell but
these things are not fun to use it feels
slimy it feels like it's resisting my
mouse movements a little
bit I don't like it this is first of all
this is much better cuz I can still see
my mouse I don't like that it makes my
mouse go away when I use an arteria
plugin I can still see my mouse when I'm
doing this this gives me some extra
visual
feedback now let's compare it to
something like Fab filter my absolutely
beloved you want to do something Bam Bam
Bam Bam Bam Bam compression bam Q bam
slope Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam easy easy easy
as
[__] let's let's pull out the Reverb so
these are all reverbs all these are
reverbs and the reason why you have so
much space here is because this is
actually your filter in diffusion
section so like whereas if you want to
like dial in a filter thing here you
have to use this one slider and that's
it whereas here you can be like I'm
going to add that and just make him I
can see everything that's going on
not a problem now sometimes you don't
always want to see everything that's
going on this is like for very indepth
Reverb which I don't always do very much
but
like the fact that I can just click and
things work this it's so smooth to
operate Everything feels great it's just
clean it's vectorized it's
vectorized is the thing these are
vectors
this is a PNG with pngs on it that
doesn't feel
good it does not feel
good
um the way a plugin feels physically to
operate usually determines whether I
actually want to use it very much or not
this is a good sounding
Reverb which is the problem is it sounds
good which is why I have it but how
often do I want to use it not often and
it's not because it doesn't sound good
it's because of how [__] dog [__]
this is you most of you have at this
point seen the way I work on stream when
I'm making music and I tend to go very
fast and I get in a flow State I barely
talk because I'm like focus and I'm just
like all these things are an extension
of my body but when it's so resistant to
my movements it makes me not want to
reach for it I only reach for something
like this when I'm spending extra time
on something when I really am like okay
with taking the extra
time but I I want my software to feel
like an extension of my mind and this
just doesn't do it it's so
annoying F [__] this [__] this [__]
forever I think the the the two
kings of UI design in the music industry
Fab filter number one
and at number two
Valla just simple to the point no frills
lots of visual feedback for everything
that's going on feels nice to touch
everything just just works it just
works it's
perfect most of the plugins in my
favorites list which is what this top
tab is are all going to mostly most of
the time be like this like these ones
the kill
Hearts very very intuitive interface can
you well can you open very intuitive
interface it's small compact gives me
all the information I need bam
simple sketch cassette oh aant DP my
absolutely beloved you can have fun with
UI design and still have it be
functional this is functional and it
looks
fun they didn't skip out on making it
fun and they didn't skip out on making
it useful
um in fact you want to talk about I love
fun I love things here when they're
designed fun I'm not trying to be that
person that's like everything needs to
be like strict and like rigid but at the
same
time there have you have to follow some
guidelines here and the I think the
people that really do this best mixing
fun designs and communicative designs is
iant DP so again they made sketch
cassette it's very fun but it's also
very useful it's so you you can just
start using this thing on everything and
it just works and it's such a good
design but they came out with a new
plug-in recently that blew my mind with
its design because it's the sickest [__]
ever what was it called it's called Lair
you got to [__] see this [__] you got
to be kidding me this is
crazy oh it's so good oh it's so good
like what the [__]
and
like and it's it's
functional uh if you take a few seconds
to re recognize where everything is cuz
if you know how reverbs are laid out you
know what each section does and so with
experience this UI actually makes sense
and once once you get it's like you can
operate it like if you have a Reverb
idea in mind you can you know move in a
circle and get to everything like it's
actually a very intuitive like motion
that
do preset tree browsers this is how you
this is how you do preset browsers guys
this is how you do preset browsers click
on the thing go to go to a category and
find the thing in the category it's
beautiful not everyone follows that rule
for some [__] reason um AB here
okay I'm going to give all every ounce
of my love to aberant DSP if you're a
musician go buy aberant DSP plugins
because they are cheap as [__] but also
some of the best of their
kind this this is literally the best
cassette tape emulation Bar None and you
can get it for
$24
like what is
uh what is artua selling theirs their
tape thing for which is not even as good
in quality by the way
oh my head where do I
go that's another thing web design look
at this simple so simple so simple so
well done AB DP my beloved what the [__]
is this in her face what am I looking
at it's like sure there are categories
up here but what the [__] are these then
why am I like trying to split my
attention between these two moments okay
not that not that here okay and now I'm
going to scroll and scroll and scroll
and scroll here we
go this is doing effectively the same
thing as this plugin okay $24 here $100
here why and why does it look like
that what does it look like that please
it's so
ugly but like it was so funny is this
has like a million more features and its
better sound
quality than this which is ugly as hell
and costs like four times as much by a
company that clearly doesn't give a [__]
about UI
design All My Love to adant DSP and
also uh look at look at the design for
this you you you have to love this it's
like hand it's like hand
painted it's it's like hand painted and
it's fun and I can read everything still
everything's colorcoded you have bars on
each side for for like visual feedback
for the audio input and output this is
your your game reduction your
compression
amount every day every day of my life
atsp every day of my life uh digitalis
look at this [__] design please it's
so
good oh oh my God oh my God it's it's
like it's
communicative but it's fun it feels like
a toy it doesn't feel like professional
tool which it is it is is like 100% a
professional tool but just it makes you
feel like you're
playing it's like so
nice let's let's open up digitalis do I
have any of my favorites I think I
scooped it out because I've been having
a good hurts lossy in here can we remove
a favorite who which among you do I not
use as much as I really need
to I use all these a
lot I I feel like I can take out Pro to
not cuz it's bad but because I can the
Ableton limiter is now a little bit
useful okay dig youal us get back in
here go back into my favorites
here we
go someone was talking about the cat
right the cat [__] moves the cat
hangs out with
you so
nice and it and it tells you what each
thing
does it's functional it's not wasted
space okay this is like the okay no no
no no no no no I'm going to abandon
whatever the [__] we were doing in here
I don't want to think about it too
much I just want to I just want to start
digitalis really quickly cuz it's the
best thing ever let's just get like a
basic a really really basic drum Loop
going on so you can hear what it's
doing sure
[Music]
whatever also I want to use the push
more and I want to use it on stream more
but it is clogging my keyboard so I'm
going to remove it everyone say goodbye
to the to the to the push
it'll come back in the
future preferably when everything's
working and we'll make some music with
it but you've got me in my [__]
autism so I'm about to go
off also this thing is so
cool
like wait
and this thing's like a little stand
that's made for monitors but I have it
to put like any gear on top of my
keyboard and
stuff what it mostly gets used for
is uh my DJ
controller let just tidy got a space
this
cable okay good as
new okay we're we're all we're all we're
all doing
great okay I have um space now how nice
can we get that to look over here okay
so
digitalis our source material for right
now it's going to be
this actually why don't we just use a
song now that I think about it let's
just use a
song I've been listening to uh listen to
this again
uh I might get copyright stried for this
but uh maybe
not
uh I was listening to this
again and like godamn I love this
thing
uh I think I talked
about uh no more apid on stream a little
bit ago
but I kind of miss when music like this
was
common and the way all levels at once
did it was like even more unique than
like the average I
think there's something about uh this
album where it feels very digital and
very like chip tuny but it also feels
very raw and like not in an analog way
but it feels raw in just like a a human
way which I really appreciate a lot we
I'll get two and a half pixels here I
love this song
[Music]
familiarize yourself with the source
material
familiarize okay so you know what the
song sounds like now relatively now
let's put digitalis on it because it'll
be important
to to remember how it
sounds because this thing will change a
lot about
it so first off
here in the data
section you can
draw see how
nice it's like that's cool but why can't
I do that
well what's actually happening is
if you if you were to flip this
90 um these are low frequencies down
here and high frequencies up here just
like these are low frequencies down here
and high frequencies up here and what's
going on is the x axis going from left
to right is
time so the idea is that you can scoop
out frequencies like
this over time with this graph so for
example let's make it so a bunch of low
frequencies start getting
removed as you come how do you get [__]
like this to happen with an
[Music]
EQ oh no that is the stream [__] up
it's back for
you we're back okay cool so it's like
you can scoop out frequencies over time
and create little little shapes like
[Music]
this it's not not not the coolest thing
you've ever heard
ever and not only is that functional and
interesting for sound design but like
you can
draw and could be like this is this is
what this frequency readout looks like
when you do
[Music]
this and they come with preset patterns
check this out let's too
[Music]
and I'm pretty sure I'm about to test
this live on stream I'm pretty sure you
could put images in it as
well so let's put let's see if we can
put Uncle Ian in
there let's let's just see
import image oh my goodness here we
go please don't please don't please
don't please don't please don't look
like that please don't look like that
why you look like
that okay what does this sound like
[Music]
you can also speed it
up so there's that you can also turn
each section off and on individually
check that out cuz this is like what's
what's called a an I guess you would say
this is like a channel strip but since
it's not for mixing it's more like an
affector so let's clear that
out this is actually an autotune here
but it's not meant to be used for
traditional autotune it's meant to [__]
things up on purpose
oh that brought a weird
binaural thing for that base
[Music]
we sorry
just my my Pinterest board decided to
show me this image today just just right
now that's nice
that's kind of crazy
sounding okay let's reset all
this there's also this section which is
the MP3
filter e
[Music]
so imagine combining these in certain
amounts will give you the ability to
create really oh by the
way off and on on the uh dark mode and
we can also do uh can add some nice
uh nice wallpapers I
think how nice
[Music]
so over here is a bit Crusher section
it's a really weird
[Music]
one something Secret
I mean that
alone the way it turns that Clap into
like this weird fuzzy
sound it's actually really cool what
does it sound like without
everything that's the original
sound turns into
this just record that for
fun okay let's close this
again I now I think this is a compressor
[Music]
oh no it's a compressor for I haven't
used this
[Music]
actually I actually don't know what this
is
for let me look at the
manual oh wait the cat should tell me
actually like why do I need a manual and
the cat will tell
me my cat
John also see to reduce the bit depth of
the signal over a chosen
threshold oh I
see it basically turns this into a
compressor but instead of like Dynamics
it's changing the amount of bit crushing
happening that's genius
actually yeah listen to what that does
[Music]
[Applause]
I've never used this function before
it's honestly really
cool okay
[Music]
let's okay let's let's reset the all of
these
things now this thing's like a really
[__] up stereo like
Dropout
[Music]
machine okay let's turn this section off
and then there's the time section which
can do this
[Music]
we can double up on these glitches
here I go into like audio rate glitching
which does stuff like
this and the real magic is when you
start messing with everything else so we
know that this creates smaller
subdivisions of these glitches this
gives you an amount of those
subdivisions so check this out let's
start here it's 1 over
16 all right now let's increase the
duration
but how 18 beats sure but it can
actually go all the way up to
64 and we know this can go into audio
rate glitching so check this out
[Music]
[Applause]
we can also unsync it so now
[Music]
this allows us to establish a pitch
sweep for each glitch
[Applause]
[Music]
and that's still not even the craziest
part yet cuz the crazy part is actually
down here let's set it to
like
this so here's our pattern
[Applause]
right now let's let's just turn make
these stereo and turn these all the way
up and here's what we got
[Applause]
add some color based filters to this
yeah true
no
a
[Music]
so
I
May
[Music]
that
I
for
[Music]
I that's
oh right sa look for a b
[Music]
side e
he
[Music]
cuz why not
oh wish that work
[Music]
kind of fun but not not
right I
[Music]
sounds so silly
he
wow
[Music]
wowow I
e
[Music]
the
almost Trench
d
[Music]
oh e
kind of funny kind of hate
[Music]
[Applause]
it I
[Music]
C
d
that's nice
[Music]
I
Bute
[Music]
fun dotted idea
here oh that's kind of cool wait you
alternate between these
[Music]
two oh and then wait wait and then we
like fake out with this like do
[Music]
this so [__] noise though I'm so
weird
[Music]
what's the alternate on it's on
C4 so
[Music]
let's get this over here and then
change C1 to C4
[Music]
there so this should be the
same oh [__] I can already hear that
okay here we
[Music]
go I want to make this sound even more
metallic put shifter on it
[Music]
here good chance to try out this new
uh Snapback as
well oh that's sick
so Snapback oh you know you know who
else you know who else needs a shout out
cable
guys I can spell whatever um every
single plugin they make is the best of
its kind and this plugin they've made is
like the first of its kind actually
Snapback so what this does is it listens
to your input
sound and says can I add something in
front of that or on top of that so let's
like take this
again actually let's get
a let's just take
[Music]
this so let's say we have this
snare we put Snapback on it we can say
look at
that adds a little pre-shift sound every
time it hears
it uh there's no cropping feature though
is
there that is something I would
want that sounds crazy
can we get a
click
like there we
go so that's one of the proper use cases
is like pre- shifted clap stuff
and then you can add something on top of
it all right let's turn this off here's
what it sounds like with
it with
it I think there's sample import too so
let's get
[Music]
like yeah there's sample
import let's 's let's make a little
click
ourselves so now let's put that in
here oh it doesn't even recognize it
it's so small I made it too small
[Music]
wait I have an
idea get a
it's like every time the snare
hits we'll just have Creek come
in anyway
so so [__]
[Music]
good get like a
dotted actually I'm going to make it
kind of Off the Grid I think
I like
[Music]
this is getting really
cluttered okay wait let's let's try
this let's go
[Music]
actually let me let me do this manually
actually instead of staying on the grid
that's the thing with making nuro
[Music]
I just had
it e
[Music]
vocal chops is not a bad idea also I'm
going to delete I don't remember what's
here just deleting it don't need to
worry about it
anymore let me get a
I have an
idea should get eliminated to fature on
the song I'd love to work with eliminate
if you ever gave a [__] about a a a pony
like
me he's one of the one EDM dudes that
I'd probably be able to be comfortable
with in a room you know what I
mean he's the one guy that consistently
passes the vibe checks
which is extremely rare to say about udm
Bros every creature in the crowd makes
some noise and make it loud introducing
tonight's special guest it's Shelly the
Android Lobster
[Music]
you can
choose
[Music]
creat be who you're meant to be and
creature s
[Music]
he
cre
[Music]
C
cre
[Music]
he
sh
[Music]
he
d
yeah B
[Music]
[Applause]
BL
it
[Music]
sh
let's bring it back let's bring it back
to uh
[Music]
d he
sh he
[Music]
you got to have the uh
it
[Music]
app
sure what
he
[Applause]
[Music]
all right like this
let's got my other one my other
classic let's go hit kit
vocals there's my favorite one
[Music]
[Applause]
oh s
[Music]
fre
PR
[Music]
sh
said sample half life
[Music]
let's just go to the buttons
he
[Music]
oh [__] this kind of
crazy here's the loop
[Music]
sh
War chemical
detected
chemical chemical
[Music]
detector chemical
detected chemical
detected
y chemical detect chemical
detected chemical detected chemical
[Music]
detected detected
chal
detected detected chemical
detected chemical
[Music]
detective chemical Detective
chemical
[Music]
detect chemical
DET
[Music]
detected detected
chemical chemical
detected chemical
detective
Detective detec
[Music]
I'm just saving it because I haven't
saved it the entire
time okay let me let's say
[Music]
it
detected actually I don't need F that
out
[Music]
layer this on top here
Detective
[Music]
it's kind of
crazy we going play through it one more
time and I think we're going to end
stream after that
[Music]
golded
yeah kind of
crazy will this be on Spotify I don't
even know if I'll finish
it oh
okay
uh-huh thank
you that was
nice that was a nice time to
have Creepy Pasta not
really but
let's
see um
okay I
think that that's our end stream
now we had a nice time and uh
maybe I'll fix my keyboard by next time
make
sure
I allow it to be born
top five videos when
Wednesday shortest stream no this is
actually the F the second half of a
stream
technically we had to restart cuz my
internet turned
off but I get get hyped for the baseball
stream and I get hyped for uh for top
five videos uh 2
two good
night bye bye